# Watermelon Meow Meow outbreak

Included in this repository is Ipython notebooks to guide students through the fundementals of (1) a metapopulation model with a high-risk and low-risk group, (2) random networks and properties of social networks, and (3) one model to simulate how an infectious agent may propogate through a network of susceptible hosts. 

This work is linked to the article: The Watermelon Meow Meow Outbreak: Enhancing Public Health Education Through Real-World Experience, Statistical Programming, and Infectious Disease Modeling that is published with PRIMUS (Problems, Resources, and Issues in Mathematics Undergraduate Studies). DOI = 

The folder `./lessons/` contains three lessons corresponding to the above 3 fundemental concepts. 

The folder `./wmm_networks/` contains all Watermelon Meow Meow (WMM) networks generated by the scientific community and uploaded to this repository. 
If you wish to submit a WMM network from your class then you submit as a Pull Request a CSV file that contains at minimum columns: (1) infector (2) infected. The rows of this CSV should be infection events where one student "infects" another with the WMM disease.
Student names and any identifying formation should be **excluded** from this CSV file. The PR should state the title of the course, the semester in which the source was conducted, and a statement verifying that the WMM network data is de-identified. 

### Data camp
Lecture material and helper functions are also avaiable on Datacamp at = [https://app.datacamp.com/workspace/w/b9dfa999-1400-4455-b546-0488de9e5ab6/edit](https://app.datacamp.com/workspace/w/b9dfa999-1400-4455-b546-0488de9e5ab6)


All questions can be directed to the below email addresses:

tom mcandrew, mcandrew@lehigh.edu

rochelle frounfelker, rof222@lehigh.edu

lorenzo servitje, los317@lehigh.edu


